===== PAGE 1 =====
Version 1.0 January 2004User's ManualTWEAKALIZER DFX69ENGLISH

===== PAGE 2 =====
2TWEAKALIZER DFX69This symbol, wherever it appears, alerts you to thepresence of uninsulated dangerous voltage insidethe enclosure-voltage that may be sufficient toconstitute a risk of shock.This symbol, wherever it appears, alerts you toimportant operating and maintenance instructionsin the accompanying literature. Please read themanual.IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONSCAUTION:To reduce the risk of electric shock, do not removethe top cover (or the rear section). No userserviceable parts inside; refer servicing to qualifiedpersonnel.WARNING:To reduce the risk of fire or electric shock, do notexpose this appliance to rain and moisture.DETAILED SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS:1) Read these instructions.2) Keep these instructions.3) Heed all warnings.4) Follow all instructions.5) Do not use this apparatus near water.6) Clean only with dry cloth.7) Do not block any ventilation openings. Install inaccordance with the manufacturer's instructions.8) Do not install near any heat sources such as radiators,heat registers, stoves, or other apparatus (includingamplifiers) that produce heat.9) Do not defeat the safety purpose of the polarized orgrounding-type plug. A polarized plug has two bladeswith one wider than the other. A grounding type plughas two blades and a third grounding prong. The wideblade or the third prong are provided for your safety. Ifthe provided plug does not fit into your outlet, consultan electrician for replacement of the obsolete outlet.10) Protect the power cord from being walked on orpinched particularly at plugs, convenience receptacles,and the point where they exit the unit.11) Only use attachments/accessories specified by themanufacturer.12) Use only with the cart, stand, tripod, bracket, or tablespecified by the manufacturer, or sold with theapparatus. When a cart is used, use caution when movingthe cart/apparatus combination to avoid injury from tip-over.13) Unplug this apparatus during lightning storms orwhen unused for long periods of time.14) Refer all servicing to qualified service personnel.Servicing is required when the apparatus has beendamaged in any way, such as power supply cord or plugis damaged, liquid has been spilled or objects have falleninto the apparatus, the apparatus has been exposed torain or moisture, does not operate normally, or has beendropped.

===== PAGE 3 =====
3TWEAKALIZER DFX69DFX69TWEAKALIZERHigh-End DJ Effects Processor with Real-Time ControlsDesktop DJ effects machine with 6 simultaneous functions and super-intuitive user interfacesIncredible real-time scratch function for any input signalsSuper-fast and accurate auto-BPM countersVirtually inaudible Pitch Transposer to correct track speed adjustmentssBreathtaking LFO-controlled effects section including delay and flangersAwesome filter effects with 3 filter types (low, high and band pass), 3 filter modes (auto, manual, LFO) andseparate resonance controlsGroove- and BPM-related loop sampler with up to 16 seconds of memorysUltra-steep 3-band kill EQ (-40 dB) with separate cut buttons per bandsSwitchable phono/line input with built-in high-precision phono preamplifier for connecting turntables andCD sourcessFlexible Signal/Effect balance and input gain controlsUltimate sonic resolution with ultra high-resolution 24-bit A/D and D/A converters and high-performance24/48-bit DSPsGold-plated RCA connectors for excellent audio qualitysUltra-rugged construction ensures long life, even under most demanding conditionssDesigned in Germany. Manufactured under ISO9000 certified management system

===== PAGE 4 =====
4TWEAKALIZER DFX69TABLE OF CONTENTS1.INTRODUCTION.........................................................51.1Before you get started...................................................51.1.1Shipment...............................................................51.1.2Initial operation......................................................51.1.3Warranty..............................................................51.2The user's manual..........................................................52.CONTROL ELEMENTS...............................................62.1Input section...................................................................62.2Sampler...........................................................................72.3Effects section...............................................................72.3.1FILTER...................................................................72.3.2FLANGER.............................................................82.3.3DELAY..................................................................82.3.4SCRATCH.............................................................82.3.5BPM COUNTER.....................................................82.4Connections....................................................................93.APPLICATIONS..........................................................93.1Connecting to the effects loop of a DJ mixer................93.2Direct connection of a phono/line source......................94.INSTALLATION.........................................................105.SPECIFICATIONS.....................................................106.WARRANTY..............................................................11FOREWORDDear Customer,Welcome to the team ofTWEAKALIZER users andthanks for expressingyour confidence inBEHRINGER products bypurchasing the DFX69.Writing this forewordfor you gives me greatpleasure, because itrepresents the culminationof many months of hardwork delivered by ourengineering team toachieve a very ambitiousgoal: to design anoutstanding DJ effectsprocessor that offersremarkable functions aswell as maximumflexibility and performance. The task of designing our newTWEAKALIZER represented a great deal of responsibility, whichwe surmounted by focusing on you, the discerning user and DJ.Meeting your expectations also meant a lot of work and nightshifts. But it was fun, too. Developing a product usually brings alot of people together, and what a great feeling it is wheneveryone who participated can be proud of what they'veachieved.It is our philosophy to share our enjoyment with you, becauseyou are the most important member of the BEHRINGER team.With your highly competent suggestions for new products you'vemade a significant contribution to shaping our company and makingit successful. In return, we guarantee you uncompromising quality(manufactured under ISO9000 certified management system)as well as excellent technical and audio properties at an extremelyreasonable price. All of this will enable you to give free rein toyour creativity without being hampered by budget constraints.We are often asked how we manage to produce such high-quality devices at such unbelievably low prices. The answer isquite simple: it's you, our customers! Many satisfied customersmean large sales volumes, enabling us to get better purchasingterms for components, etc. We think it's only fair to pass thisbenefit on to you-after all, your success is our success!I would like to thank all of those who have made theTWEAKALIZER possible. You have all made your own personalcontributions, from the developers and the many other employeesat this company to you, the BEHRINGER user.My friends, it's been worth the effort!Thank you very much,Uli Behringer

===== PAGE 5 =====
5TWEAKALIZER DFX691. INTRODUCTION1. INTRODUCTIONThe BEHRINGER TWEAKALIZER DFX69 is a flexible DJ effectsprocessor that gives you an important edge for your mixes andperformances. Its unique features let you work in completelynew and creative ways. The TWEAKALIZER can be used inmany ways and is breeze to operate, allowing you to expandyour creativity.Times are changing quickly and you have to stay ahead of thegame if you don't want to be left behind. To this end, we havedeveloped an excellent DJ effects processor with the mostpopular new features and technologies. It is perfectly suited foruse in dance clubs or for DJ systems.Be honest: who really likes to read manuals? We know youwant to get started right away, but we strongly suggest that youtake the time to read these instructions so that you fullyunderstand and are able to properly use all the features yourTWEAKALIZER has to offer. The few minutes it takes you will bewell worth it.+The following user's manual is intended tofamiliarize you with the unit's control elements,so that you can master all the functions. Afterhaving thoroughly read the user's manual, store itat a safe place for future reference.1.1 Before you get started1.1.1 ShipmentThe TWEAKALIZER was carefully packed at the assemblyplant to assure secure transport. If the condition of the cardboardbox suggests that damage may have occurred, please inspectthe unit immediately and look for physical indications of damage.+Damaged equipment should NEVER be sent directlyto us. Please inform the dealer from whom youacquired the unit immediately as well as thetransportation company from which you tookdelivery of the unit. Otherwise, all claims forreplacement/repair may be rendered invalid.+To assure optimal protection of your DFX69 duringtransport, we recommend utilizing a carrying case.+If the unit needs to be shipped, please always usethe original packaging to avoid damage.+Never let unsupervised children play with the DFX69or with its packaging.+Please dispose of all packaging materials in anenvironmentally-friendly fashion.1.1.2 Initial operationPlease make sure the unit is provided with sufficient ventilation.To avoid overheating, never place the TWEAKALIZER on top ofan amplifier or in the vicinity of a heater.A power supply unit that meets the necessary safetyrequirements is enclosed for connecting the TWEAKALIZER tothe mains.When the DFX69 is connected to the mains via the powersupply unit it is automatically switched on.+Never connect the TWEAKALIZER to a power supplyunit that is already plugged into the mains! Alwaysconnect the DFX69 to the power supply unit firstand then plug the power supply into the mains.+Please make sure that the unit is grounded at alltimes. For your own protection, you should nevertamper with the grounding of the cable or the unititself.1.1.3 WarrantyPlease take a few minutes and send us the completely filledout warranty card within 14 days of the date of purchase toassure trouble-free warranty processing in the future. You mayalso register online at www.behringer.com. The serial numberneeded for the registration is located at the top of the unit. Failureto register your product may void future warranty claims.1.2 The user's manualThis user's manual gives you an overview of the functionsand control elements of your TWEAKALIZER and offers detailedinformation about possible applications. To facilitate quickreference, control elements have been described in groupsaccording to their function. Should you need detailed informationabout specific topics not covered in this manual, please visit ourwebsite at www.behringer.com.

===== PAGE 6 =====
6TWEAKALIZER DFX692. CONTROL ELEMENTSFig. 2.1: DFX69 control elements2. CONTROL ELEMENTS2.1 Input sectionThe IN LEVEL control adjusts the level of the input signal.The OVERLOAD LED (below the control) illuminates whenthe signal level is too high. Adjust the input signal level sothat the LED does not illuminate. Occasional illuminationduring signal peaks is acceptable.The DISPLAY indicates the BPM (Beats Per Minute) of themusic as detected by the built-in beat counter. If youselect an effect by pressing the ENCODER or operatethe sampler PITCH control , the effect type will bedisplayed (DLy, FLg, FLt, PIt). If you have selected theSCRATCH effect (see ch. 2.3.4 SCRATCH ) and youturn the MIX control SCr will be displayed. If youadjust the filter sensitivity in AUTO mode (see ch. 2.3.1 Filter ), SEn will be displayed. If no additional changesare made, the display shows the BPM value again after afew seconds.

===== PAGE 7 =====
7TWEAKALIZER DFX692. CONTROL ELEMENTSThe MIX control adjusts the volume ratio between theoriginal signal and the effects signal. When the control isturned all the way to the left, you hear only the original( DRY ) signal; turning it all the way to the right you hearonly the selected effects ( WET ) signal.To change the mix ratio of a previously activated effect,first tap the FLANGER () or DELAY () key. The LEDof the respective ON switch ( or ) will then blinkrapidly. You can also adjust the mix ratio when theSCRATCH function is active.+The MIX control adjusts the mix between theoriginal signal and the effects signal of the mostrecently selected effect (indicated by rapid blinkingof the ON key of the corresponding effect). Toadjust the mix ratio of a previously activated effect,first dial up this effect using the correspondingeffects key (see , and ).The PITCH control lets you change the pitch of the inputsignal (+/-12%).PITCH value (from -12 to +12%) DISPLAY. If you pressthe ENCODER (see ) to switch between differenteffects, the editable time parameter is briefly shown. Theremaining recording time of a sample and the samplerPITCH value are also shown here (see also ch. 2.2 Sampler ). If no additional changes are made, your DFX69automatically returns to PITCH display mode after a fewseconds.2.2 SamplerThe BEAT keys select the length of the sample you wantto record. You can choose between 1, 2, 4, 8 or 16 bars,whereby the actual length of the sample is detected onthe basis of the current BPM value. The correspondingLED will illuminate to display the selected number of bars.Once you start recording, it will automatically end at theend of the selected length of recording time. You can alsodefine your own sample length by stepping through allbar values until the right LED ( 16 ) blinks. You can nowstart and stop recording at will (see ) for any lengthof sample up to 16 bars.REC starts recording a sample; the remaining recordingtime of the selected sample length is shown in the leftdisplay (see ). Pressing REC again ends the recording.The sampler records the signal connected to the input ofyour DFX69.PLAY/STOP plays the sample you just recorded (PLAY:the sample signal is played in a continuous loop). If you hitPLAY/STOP again, the loop stops (STOP). If you pressREC to start recording a sample and press PLAY/STOPduring recording, the sample is recorded in full length andthen directly played back.+If you select one of the sample lengths (1, 2, 4, 8 or16) and end the recording using the REC key beforethe selected number of bars has played, theremaining time is filled with silence . Therefore,the actual sample length remains unchanged. Todefine your own sample length, you must use themethod described above (see ).SHOT plays the sample as long as you keep the SHOTkey pressed.FX determines whether the sampler signal is routed tothe effects processor. When the FX button is in(depressed), only the sampler signal is fed to the effectspath (the input signal bypasses the effects processor; itremains dry ). When the FX button is out, only the inputsignal is routed to the effects processor; the samplersignal remains dry .The REV key reverses the sample. When depressed (in),the sample will be played backwards when you pressthe PLAY/STOP or SHOT key.PITCH adjusts the sample tempo and pitch (-12 to +12%).The PITCH value is indicated in the display . When youare finished adjusting the sample pitch, the display onceagain shows the PITCH value of the input signal.2.3 The effects sectionThe DFX69 features a 3-band kill EQ (LOW, MID andHIGH). That means that you can attenuate (cut or lower)individual frequency bands to a much greater extent(-40 dB) than you can increase them (+12 dB). In additionto the EQ controls, each frequency band features a CUTkey. Pressing CUT will immediately attenuate the respectivefrequency band by -40 dB, allowing you to create veryinteresting sound effects.The ENCODER has two functions: By pressing theENCODER, you select an effect to be edited. This effect isthen shown in the display . By turning the ENCODER,you can now continuously adjust the LFO and delay times(in contrast to the BEAT keys located beneath; see ).The parameter value is always shown in the display while you are editing.Explanation:LFO stands for Low Frequency Oscillator. This is alow-frequency signal that modulates effect parameters such asdelay time, flanger resonance frequency and filter frequency.The BEAT keys also let you dial up LFO and delay times,but in this case there are predetermined increments (ratherthan continuous adjustment). These times always referto the current BPM value. The LFO and delay times areshown on the corresponding LEDs located above theENCODER.2.3.1 FILTERThe filter effect is a special feature of the DFX69. It offersthree different filter types that can be operated in three differentmodes. The filter types and modes are explained in detail under and .ON activates/deactivates the FILTER effect of the DFX69.The LEDs around the DATAWHEEL (see ) indicate thecurrent filter frequency.TYPE selects the filter you wish to use:LOW PASS (LP):The low pass filter attenuates (cuts or lowers)frequencies above a cut-off frequency by 24 dB/octave.The cut-off frequency is determined by the selected filtermode (see ) that creates the filter effect.HIGH PASS (HP):The high pass filter attenuates frequencies below acut-off frequency by 24 dB/octave. Here, the cut-offfrequency is also determined by the selected filter mode(see ).BAND PASS (BP):The band pass filter attenuates all frequencies except forthose defined by an adjustable middle frequency. It has arating of 12 dB/octave. The middle frequency is determinedby the filter mode here as well (see ).MODE selects a filter mode. The following three modesare available:LFO mode, MANUAL mode and AUTO mode.Press the MODE key briefly to alternate between the LFOand MANUAL modes. To activate the AUTO mode, keepthe MODE key pressed for a few seconds. Pressing MODEagain briefly reactivates LFO mode.

===== PAGE 8 =====
8TWEAKALIZER DFX692. CONTROL ELEMENTSLFO (Low Frequency Oscillator)In this mode, the LFO modulates the cut-off frequencyfrom the lowest to the highest frequency and back to thelowest frequency. The modulation speed can be eitheradjusted continuously using the ENCODER or incrementallyusing the BEAT keys (see and ). The incrementsavailable via the BEAT keys are always relative valuesexpressed in beats. For example, if you enter 2 , it willtake two beats for the cut-off frequency to modulatefrom the lowest to the highest frequency and back. TheDFX69 calculates the time on the basis of the current BPMsignal automatically.MANUALIn this mode, the cut-off frequency can be adjusted usingthe large DATAWHEEL (see ). This also allows real-time filter modulation. You can adjust the reaction time ofthe filter using the ENCODER or the BEAT keys locatedbeneath it (see and ). The shorter the reactiontime, the quicker the filter reacts to the DATAWHEELmovement.AUTOIn AUTO mode, the filter frequency is modulated via thelevel of the music signal. In this mode, it is important to setup the filter sensitivity so that it correctly reacts to theinput signal (see ).FILTER has a function similar to the SHOT key in theSAMPLER section. Pressing and holding the FILTER keyactivates the FILTER effect. As soon as you release thekey, the FILTER effect is deactivated.When in AUTO mode, the FILTER key has an extra function:keeping it pressed while turning the DATAWHEEL allowsyou to adjust the sensitivity of the filter to compensate forvarying levels between tracks, which will cause the filterto react differently to various tracks. For example, if thevolume of one track is lower than that of a previous track,you should increase the filter sensitivity so that the filterwill react appropriately to the rhythm.RESONANCE increases the cut-off frequency of theLOW PASS and the HIGH PASS filter (0 - 10), addingpresence to the effect.2.3.2 FLANGERThe word flange means tape spool , and this explains thecharacteristics of the effect. Originally, the flanger effect wasgenerated with two tape recorders that ran synchronously. Thesame audio signal was recorded and played back on bothmachines (e.g. a guitar solo). Applying pressure on the left spoolof one of the machines caused the spool and thus the playbackspeed to slow down. The generated delay resulted in phaseshifting of the signals.ON activates/deactivates the FLANGER effect on theDFX69.To determine the speed of the effect, first dial up theFLANGER effect by pressing the ENCODER (see ).Then, use the BEAT keys located beneath it to dial up oneof the predetermined speed values. This value is a relativevalue that is calculated based on the current BPM value.By turning the ENCODER, you can continuously adjust theflanger speed. By turning the DATAWHEEL while the effectis active (see ), you can create additional FLANGERmodulation. Holding the FLANGER key and turning theDATAWHEEL creates a feedback modulation whichsmoothly appears/disappears within four beats.The FLANGER key keeps the effect active as long as thekey is pressed. Releasing the key deactivates the effect.+If the FLANGER effect is the most recent effect youdialed in (indicated by rapid blinking of the ON keyLED), you can use the MIX control (see ) to setup the volume ratio between this effect and theoriginal signal. This applies to all effects (see ch.2.1).2.3.3 DELAYThe DELAY effect lets you create repetitions of the input signal,resulting in various effects, from subtle to wild. The time gapbetween the original signal and the repetitions depends on thedelay time you set.ON activates/deactivates the DELAY effect of the DFX69.To set up the delay time, first dial in the desired DELAYeffect using the ENCODER (see ). Now, use the BEATkeys located beneath it to select one of the predetermineddelay times. For example, a value of 2/1 will result in ahalf-note delay-the repeats will be 2 beats or quarternotes apart. If you select 1/2 , the repeats will be half abeat or an eighth note apart, and so on. The actual lengthof a beat always depends on the current BPM value. Byturning the ENCODER, you can select other times, forexample to create triplet delays.The DELAY key activates the effect and keeps it activeas long as you keep the key pressed. When you releasethe key, the effect is deactivated.+If DELAY is the most recently activated effect(indicated by rapid blinking of the ON key LED), youcan use the MIX control (see ) to adjust the mixbetween the delay effect and the original signal.This applies to all effects (see ch. 2.1).2.3.4 SCRATCHThis effect simulates the scratching that turntablists are knownfor. Your DFX69 continuously records a sample of four to eightbars (depending on the tempo of the music) that will be used forthis effect. Turning the big DATAWHEEL (see ) lets youachieve the scratched sound.SCRATCH activates/deactivates the SCRATCH function.+After activating the SCRATCH function (theSCRATCH key blinks), you can use the MIX control(see ) to adjust the mix between the scratchsignal and the original signal. This also applies toall effects (see ch. 2.1).When in SCRATCH mode, turning the DATAWHEEL letsyou scratch the input signal, just like you would on aturntable.2.3.5 BPM COUNTERThe DFX69's BPM counter is used to synchronize the effectswith the original signal. It detects a track's tempo and displays itin BPM (beats per minute). The BPM counter can be used in twodifferent ways: manually or automatically. The current BPM valueis shown in the display .BPM-TAP switches the BPM counter into manual mode. Ifyou tap this key repeatedly in rhythm with the music, anaverage BPM value is detected and a value is set. Youcan readjust the BPM value by tapping in rhythm with themusic again.The AUTO key activates the automatic mode. The BPMcounter automatically detects the BPM value based onthe input signal.+Whenever you power up your DFX69, the BPMcounter is initially in AUTO mode.

===== PAGE 9 =====
9TWEAKALIZER DFX693. APPLICATIONS+If there is no signal present (or the signal is tooweak), the BPM display begins to blink. This alsohappens when the beat counter cannot accuratelyanalyze the signal.2.4 ConnectionsFig. 2.2: The rear panel connectionsThe LINE input is for connection of a line-level signal(e. g. the main outputs of your DJ mixer).PHONO is intended for connecting a turntable.+Never connect equipment with line-level signalsto the highly sensitive phono inputs! The outputsignal level of turntables is in the millivolt range,while CD players and tape decks have signal levelsmeasuring in volts. Simply put, line-level signalsare up to 100 times stronger than those intendedfor phono inputs.PHONO/LINE selects between the PHONO inputs (buttonout) and LINE inputs (button in).The GND connector is used for grounding your turntable.The OUTPUT connectors are used for feeding an amplifieror a DJ mixer (depending on intended use).Use the AC POWER IN connector socket to connectyour DFX69 with the mains via the included power supply.+Always disconnect the power supply unit from thepower outlet when your DFX69 will not be in usefor an extended period of time.3. APPLICATIONS3.1 Connecting to the effects loopof a DJ mixerThe TWEAKALIZER DFX69 is an optimal addition to anyDJ mixer, especially if the mixer features an integrated effectsloop. BEHRINGER offers a wide range of mixers that areparticularly well suited for these kinds of applications. An exampleof such mixers would be our professional VMX series ofDJ mixers.To insert your DFX69 into the effects loop of a DJ mixer, connectthe send outputs of the mixer to the line inputs of the DFX69(PHONO/LINE button depressed or in ).Connect the outputs of the TWEAKALIZER to the return inputsof the mixer, so that the effects signal is mixed with the mixer'smain signal. It makes sense to turn the MIX control of your DFX69all the way to the right (WET), so that the TWEAKALIZER onlyplays back the effects signal. The mix between original andeffects signals is adjusted using the send and/or return controlson the mixer.Figure 3.1 shows a connection of this type using thePRO MIXER VMX1000 as an example:Fig. 3.1: Connecting to the effects loop of thePRO MIXER VMX10003.2 Direct connection of aphono/line sourceOf course, you can also connect a line or a phono signaldirectly to the TWEAKALIZER without using a mixer. In this case,you only have to connect the outputs of your turntable orCD player (or another line source) to the DFX69's correspondinginputs.+To eliminate the risk of permanently damagingyour TWEAKALIZER, please never connect linesignals (e. g. a CD player, an MD player or a tapedeck) to the highly sensitive phono inputs. Thephono inputs are exclusively for connectingturntables.The output signal of the DFX69 can now be connected to theinput of a power amplifier, recording device, etc.In this application, you will need to use the MIX control to attainthe desired balance between the original signal and the effectssignal.The following illustration shows the direct wiring of theTWEAKALIZER with a turntable and a HiFi amplifier. Please besure that the PHONO/LINE switch of your DFX69 is in its correctposition (not depressed or out ).

===== PAGE 10 =====
10TWEAKALIZER DFX695. SPECIFICATIONSFig. 3.2: Direct connection of a turntableto the TWEAKALIZER DFX694. INSTALLATIONFor audio connections, you will need a standard, commerciallyavailable RCA cable. For optimal results, always use high-qualitycables, adapters and connectors.+Always make sure that only technically qualifiedpeople install and operate your TWEAKALIZER.During and after the installation, all those handlingthe equipment need to be sufficiently grounded inorder to avoid the potentially damagingelectrostatic discharge or similar damage thatcould have a permanent adverse effect on yourequipment.Fig. 4.1: RCA cable5. SPECIFICATIONSAUDIO INPUTSTypeLine, 0 dB gain, unbalancedImpedance47 k @ 1 kHzMax. input signal level22 dBuTypePhono, 40 dB, unbalancedImpedance47 k @ 1 kHzMax. input signal level-30 dBuAUDIO OUTPUTSTypeLine, unbalancedImpedance100 @ 1 kHzMax. output signal level12 dBuSYSTEM SPECIFICATIONSFrequency response10 Hz to 22 kHz, +1/-3 dBSignal-to-noise ratio98 dBu, a-weighted,22 Hz - 22 kHz (Line)THD0,007 % typ. @ +6 dBu, 1 kHz,amplification 1 (Line)Crosstalk< -83 dB, 22 Hz - 22 kHz(Line)Gain range-20 dBu to +10 dBuDIGITAL PROCESSINGConverter24-Bit Delta-Sigma,64/128 times oversamplingSampling rate44.1 kHzPOWER SUPPLYVoltageUSA/Canada120 V~, 60 HzU.K./Australia240 V~, 50 HzEurope230 V~, 50 HzJapan100 V~, 50 - 60 HzPower consumptionsee adapter labels!Fusesexternal PSUDIMENSIONS/WEIGHTDimensionsapprox. 3 1/5" (81 mm)x 6 3/5" (169 mm)x 12 1/5" (309 mm)Weightapprox. 1 kg (2 lbs. 2 oz.)BEHRINGER makes every effort to ensure the highest standard ofquality. Necessary modifications are carried out without notice. Thus, thespecifications and design of the device may differ from the informationgiven in this manual.

===== PAGE 11 =====
11TWEAKALIZER DFX696. WARRANTYTechnical specifications and appearance subject to change without notice. The information contained herein is correct at the timeof printing. The names of companies, institutions or publications pictured or mentioned and their respective logos are registeredtrademarks of their respective owners. Their use neither constitutes a claim of the trademarks by BEHRINGER nor affiliation ofthe trademark owners with BEHRINGER. BEHRINGER accepts no liability for any loss which may be suffered by any personwho relies either wholly or in part upon any description, photograph or statement contained herein. Colors and specificationsdepicted may vary slightly from product. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means,electronic or mechanical, including photocopying and recording of any kind, for any purpose, without the express writtenpermission of BEHRINGER Spezielle Studiotechnik GmbH. BEHRINGER is a registered trademark.ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 2004 BEHRINGER Spezielle Studiotechnik GmbH.BEHRINGER Spezielle Studiotechnik GmbH, Hanns-Martin-Schleyer-Str. 36-38,47877 Willich-M nchheide II, GermanyTel. +49 2154 9206 0, Fax +49 2154 9206 49036. WARRANTY 1 WARRANTY CARD/ONLINE REGISTRATIONTo be protected by the extended warranty, the buyer mustcomplete and return the enclosed warranty card within 14 daysof the date of purchase to BEHRINGER Spezielle StudiotechnikGmbH, in accordance with the conditions stipulated in 3. Failureto return the card in due time (date as per postmark) will void anyextended warranty claims. Based on the conditions herein, thebuyer may also choose to use the online registration option viathe Internet (www.behringer.com or www.behringer.de). 2 WARRANTY1. BEHRINGER (BEHRINGER Spezielle Studiotechnik GmbHincluding all BEHRINGER subsidiaries listed on the enclosed page,except BEHRINGER Japan) warrants the mechanical andelectronic components of this product to be free of defects inmaterial and workmanship for a period of one (1) year* from theoriginal date of purchase, in accordance with the warrantyregulations described below. If the product shows any defectswithin the specified warranty period that are not excluded fromthis warranty as described under 4, BEHRINGER shall, at itsdiscretion, either replace or repair the product using suitablenew or reconditioned parts. In the case that other parts are usedwhich constitute an improvement, BEHRINGER may, at itsdiscretion, charge the customer for the additional cost of theseparts.2. If the warranty claim proves to be justified, the product willbe returned to the user freight prepaid.3. Warranty claims other than those indicated above areexpressly excluded. 3 RETURN AUTHORIZATION NUMBER1. To obtain warranty service, the buyer (or his authorizeddealer) must call BEHRINGER (see enclosed list) during normalbusiness hours BEFORE returning the product. All inquiries mustbe accompanied by a description of the problem. BEHRINGERwill then issue a return authorization number.2. Subsequently, the product must be returned in its originalshipping carton, together with the return authorization number tothe address indicated by BEHRINGER.3. Shipments without freight prepaid will not be accepted. 4 WARRANTY REGULATIONS1. Warranty services will be furnished only if the product isaccompanied by a copy of the original retail dealer's invoice.Any product deemed eligible for repair or replacement under theterms of this warranty will be repaired or replaced.2. If the product needs to be modified or adapted in order tocomply with applicable technical or safety standards on a nationalor local level, in any country which is not the country for whichthe product was originally developed and manufactured, thismodification/adaptation shall not be considered a defect inmaterials or workmanship. The warranty does not cover anysuch modification/adaptation, irrespective of whether it wascarried out properly or not. Under the terms of this warranty,BEHRINGER shall not be held responsible for any cost resultingfrom such a modification/adaptation.3. Free inspections and maintenance/repair work are expresslyexcluded from this warranty, in particular, if caused by improperhandling of the product by the user. This also applies to defectscaused by normal wear and tear, in particular, of faders,crossfaders, potentiometers, keys/buttons, tubes, guitar stringsand similar parts.4. Damages/defects caused by the following conditions arenot covered by this warranty:simproper handling, neglect or failure to operate the unit incompliance with the instructions given in BEHRINGER useror service manuals.sconnection or operation of the unit in any way that does notcomply with the technical or safety regulations applicable inthe country where the product is used.sdamages/defects caused by force majeure or any othercondition that is beyond the control of BEHRINGER.5. Any repair or opening of the unit carried out by unauthorizedpersonnel (user included) will void the warranty.6. If an inspection of the product by BEHRINGER shows thatthe defect in question is not covered by the warranty, theinspection costs are payable by the customer.7. Products which do not meet the terms of this warranty willbe repaired exclusively at the buyer's expense. BEHRINGER willinform the buyer of any such circumstance. If the buyer fails tosubmit a written repair order within 6 weeks after notification,BEHRINGER will return the unit C.O.D. with a separate invoicefor freight and packing. Such costs will also be invoicedseparately when the buyer has sent in a written repair order. 5 WARRANTY TRANSFERABILITYThis warranty is extended exclusively to the original buyer(customer of retail dealer) and is not transferable to anyonewho may subsequently purchase this product. No other person(retail dealer, etc.) shall be entitled to give any warranty promiseon behalf of BEHRINGER. 6 CLAIM FOR DAMAGESFailure of BEHRINGER to provide proper warranty service shallnot entitle the buyer to claim (consequential) damages. In noevent shall the liability of BEHRINGER exceed the invoiced valueof the product. 7 OTHER WARRANTY RIGHTS AND NATIONAL LAW1. This warranty does not exclude or limit the buyer's statutoryrights provided by national law, in particular, any such rightsagainst the seller that arise from a legally effective purchasecontract.2. The warranty regulations mentioned herein are applicableunless they constitute an infringement of national warranty law.* Customers in the European Union please contact BEHRINGERGermany Support for further details.
